---
layout: post
title:  "Week 44 Review"
date:   2017-11-03
categories: Week Review, Week 44
---

This week has been quite good. I have learned and accomplished a lot.

- [QAS] backend work with Clojure.
- [QAS] frontend with React.
- [QAS] deploy setup with Docker. I need to write a post about this.

Beside work I'm starting again with piano. I'm trying to play at least 10 minutes per day, unless there is some social event that steal time to playing.
I try to play even if I'm tired; let's see if I can create an habit here.
Talking about habits, no matters how hard I'm trying to, I really can't create the habit of planning the day in the morning and to keep track of progress.

I'm focusing on photography. I've started the photography course I bought on Udemy and I'm reading the book.
At the same time I'm trying to take pictures whenever I can; at the moment I'm focusing on light, especially the golden hour stuff.
I'm improving in this, but still I cannot take really great pictures: the composition seems decent, but the colors are not too vivid.

I'm a little bit behind on the one-book-per-week project. It is feasible, but it requires a lot of effort. I might try one book every other week.

Another thing I can't find time for is [MemPa]. I feel a little guilty, but I don't have time to work on that seriuosly.

Robi needs a way to process and store forms at work. I have suggested her to use Word, but the right tool would be a web page; the problem with the
web page is that it is not portable enough in her context and that a server to store the data is not possible; more, she would need a WYSIWYG tool.
Maybe that a webpage capable of exporting and importing markdown files and a related electron application might be the right tool. A possible twist for [Arrivals]?
